WASHINGTON—Senate Republicans, facing a Democratic offensive, won enough of their Tuesday re-elections to diminish any chance that Democrats could pick up enough seats to take control of the Senate. 
Their political prospects brightened on Wednesday when GOP Sen. Susan Collins of Maine defeated Democrat Sara Gideon in her toughest re-election race. Her victory and that of Sen. Joni Ernst of Iowa 
minimized the party’s losses elsewhere and eased the way for a Republican majority to hold the chamber for two more years. With Democrats retaining control of the House, albeit with a slightly smaller 
majority, the U.S. will likely remain a divided government, an outcome that would serve as a check on the next president and attempts at sweeping legislative initiatives. “People are disappointed,”
said Rep. Debbie Dingell (D., Mich.). Democrats took solace in the high turnout among women, she added, but “we still have a challenge connecting with a lot of working men and women.”; 
We investigate the relationship between ethnic diversity and the rise of individualism in the United States during the 20th and 21st centuries. Tests of the historical rates of ethnic diversity 
alongside individualistic relational structures (e.g., adults living alone, single-/multi-child families) from the years 1950 to 2018 reveal that societal and regional rates of ethnic diversity 
accompanied individualistic relational structures. These effects hold above and beyond time-series trends in each variable. Further evidence from experimental studies (N = 707) suggests that the 
presence of, and contact with, ethnically diverse others contributes to greater individualistic values (e.g., the importance of uniqueness and personal achievement). Converging evidence across societal-, 
regional-, and individual-level analyses suggests a systematic link between ethnic diversity and individualism. We discuss the implications of these findings for sociocultural livelihood in light of the 
rising rates of ethnic diversity across the globe.; The president has been tweeting more this morning about wanting to “stop” the (legitimate, of course) vote count. Apparently, what Trump means, 
according to his campaign, is that they want to stop the count until the Trump campaign can monitor it (again, as we’ve said before, there is no proof of fraud.) The specific rules for partisans observing 
the vote-counting process vary from state to state and the National Conference of State Legislatures has a handy guide for those rules. But take for instance, Pennsylvania, which is a pretty big prize 
today. “Partisan observers are permitted to be present when absentee and mail-in ballot envelopes are opened, and when the ballots are counted and recorded,” the NCSL writes. In Arizona, “Partisan 
observers are authorized to observe processing at the county recorder’s office.” In Nevada, “Members of the general public may observe the preparation of absentee ballots at central counting boards.” So, 
it’s unclear why the Trump campaign would argue that these vote counts would need to be stopped so they can observe them; they’re already allowed to observe.